---
title: We launched a job board!
category: "Feature"
date: "2022-03-28"
snippet: "I've been kicking around the idea of a job board app for a few
years now, but never felt like I was in the right space to build it.
Timing, cost, value — all of these were factors that got in the way..."
---

### After years of &quot;what ifs&quot; and a few months of development: we&apos;ve finally launched a job board!

I&apos;ve been kicking around the idea of a job board app for a few
years now, but never felt like I was in the right space to build it.
Timing, cost, value — all of these were factors that got in the way.
With the move to Discord, and shifting the Denver Devs website to
Next.js, the task of building new features for the community just got
easier.

So with that, it&apos;s here, it&apos;s live, and best of all it&apos;s
free and will stay free. You can navigate to it via the header. A few
features of note: it uses magic link login, adding a job is super easy:
just provide the link, and a few details and we&apos;ll review it, if
it&apos;s approved, you&apos;ll see it in no time!

The tech stack is fairly simple: React, Next.js, Supabase, and Chakra
UI. I&apos;ve been using Chakra UI for a few months now, and really like
it. It offloads some cognitive overhead when it comes to styling and
consistency. We&apos;re also hosted on Netlify, so the site is blazing
fast.

The job board will be in a public &quot;beta&quot; for a bit as we get
more users on, folks get more familiar with it, and we iron out any
kinks that are likely to pop up. I&apos;m excited to see what the
community has to say about it, and where it might go.

Thanks!
Dan H.
